This is for our 2-anisohedral tiling program - checking if the tiles we create are really isohedral. Follow the 9 criteria as given by criteria.pdf.
We will have n vertices v(0) to v(n-1). If we add or subtract from the vertex index, do this mod n. 
edge i [call it e(i)] is between v(i) and v(i+1).

For criteria 1-5: 
We have a translation. In our app this will always be from a vertex to a vertex. So we can systematically check all of them. 
Take indices i and j with i<j. Translate v(i) to v(j) by translation Tij(). 
This might make some edges coincide. We want to find the sequence of edges that match each other when translated. (The sequence may be zero edges.) We don't want duplicate translations. So look for the smallest index that begins the string of edges. One way to check this is if Tij(v(i-1)) = v(j+1) and e(i-1) matches e(j) by a direct mapping, (figure out which codes these are) then these edges translate to each other. But we could index this by v(i-1), so don't use v(i) to index it. 

One weird point is if i=0. Then v(i-1) is v(n-1) and n-1>i, so we don't find it. So, if i is 0, then go both directions. V(i+a) to v(i-b) maps to v(j-a) to v(j+b).
For all others, we will have v(i) to v(i+a) mapping by translation to v(j) to v(j-a). Note that a or b can be zero.
This will create two cycles of edges. v(i+a) to v(j-a) and v(i) to v(j). (etc for the weird point) This last cycle will include v(n-1) and v(0). 

If it is isohedral, these cycles must match something. For criteria 1 to 3, each cycle will match itself. For criteria 4 and 5, the cycles will match each other. They may match directly or flipped. 
Note that the angles between matching edges must match. We will need to find the angle where the cycle starts and stops.

What do these look like? (here I'm using letters to stand for edges that will need to match up)

Cycle self map, direct.
Two Centro symmetrical curves. One might collapse to zero. Form: ab...cc...bade...ff...ed with direct maps between letters. Rotations. We have 180 degrees between c and c and between f and f. We could replace either of those pairs by an S or I curve.

Cycle self map, flipped.
Two glide reflection curves. Form: ab...cab...c by indirect map. Glide reflection.

By combining these, we get different criteria.
Criterion 1: 2 direct self maps on cycles.
Criterion 2: 1 direct self map and 1 flipped self map on cycles.
Criterion 3: 2 flipped self maps on cycles.

Cycle other map, direct.
Two sets of translations. One might collapse to zero. Form: ab...cde...f to c...bad...ed = f...edc...ba since it's a cycle. Meaning we just reverse it. This is criterion 4.

Cycle other map, flipped.
Two pairs of glide reflections. One might collapse. Form: ab...cde...f to de...fab...c which is identical to what we started with. Note we must check theta angle along vi to vj and vi+a to vj-a match. So both positive, concave or both negative, convex. (I didn't explain that well...)(Try two: the first cycle is ab...cde...f Let's take it as going from v(i+a) to v(j-a). Check that the cycles are the same first. If so, find where edge "a" starts in the second cycle. go until you reach v(i). The last edge you used is what we will call "c". This shows where the cycles split. Between c and d and between a and f. Call those points p1 and p2 on the first and second cycle. Then the angle v(i+a)-v(j-a)-p1 must be identical to the angle p2-v(j)-v(i) with the same direction - so not the negative of the angle.) This is criterion 5.

For criteria 7 ,8 and 9. 
We have three pairs of rotations. One might collapse to zero. Form: ab...cc...bade...ff...edgh...ii...hg for all of them.
For criterion 7, angles between cc, ff, and ii are 120 degrees. 
For criterion 8, same angles are 120, 60, and 180 degrees in some order. 
For criterion 9, same angles are 90, 90, and 180 degrees in some order. 
For the last two criteria, any pair of edges with 180 degrees between them can be replaced with an S or I curve.

For criterion 6. (The hard one.)
We need to find where the two centers of symmetry are. They will either be at vertices, or at the midpoint of an S or I curve. I'll call them cent1 and cent2. Start with cent1 at v0. We will step cent1 (by half edges, since we will check the midpoints.) around the polygon until we are at v(n-1). For each location of cent1, check if it can be a center of point symmetry. This involves looking if the edges adjacent to it match and map to each other by 180 degree rotation. It's fine if the edges don't match - as long as they don't intersect. We could have just the one point, cent1, as the only part of the tile that is centro-symmetric there. Or we might have some string of edges that are centro-symmetric around cent1. Take the highest end of that centro symmetric string of edges - say it's at cent1+a. So the whole string is cent1-a to cent1+a. Note that the ends will always be on vertices. Then look for cent2. Cent2 will always be further along than cent1. So cent2 can go from the midpoint just past cent1+a all the way to the midpoint of e(n-1). We do the same thing - checking to see what centro symmetric string of edges around cent2 there are. If it exists, call this string cent2-b to cent2+b. Note that b may be 0, which would mean that it's just the vertex cent2. Now take the string of edges between cent2+b and cent1-a. Call it "lower". Rotate lower around cent1 by 180 degrees. Form a new cycle of edges that goes from rotated cent2+b to rotated cent1-a which equals cent1+a then the cycle continues to cent2-b. If our tile is of criterion 6, this cycle must be formed of two glide reflection curves. Form: ab...cab...c by indirect map.
